To use this, you need to do a few things. To get it to work, first go to the Microsoft Store. Then make sure you are logged in with your Microsoft Account. Look up Minecraft Windows 10 Edition, and select it. Then select on "Free trial". After it downloads select "Install Free Trial", and wait for it to install. This process will take around 5 minutes. Once you have done that, do NOT run it. Download the files from here, and extract them. Do not delete anything, and do not worry, there are 0 viruses, otherwise you can sue me. Then run the .exe file, and it will take you to a "Unkown Publisher" spot. Select "Yes". Then, once the .exe file opens, select "Disable Hack." Then select on "Open Minecraft" and it will open Minecraft. Then right click taskbar, or on a laptop, click the taskbar with two fingers. Select "Task Manager" while Minecraft is running. You will see Minecraft, with a > next to it. Click that > and right click (or two fingers on laptop) on the item beneath labeled underneath "Minecraft" and click "End Task". Then close Task Manager. Minecraft will then load up. After it is finished loading, selct on "Sign In" and sign in with your Micrsoft Account. Do not worry that you have not bought Minecraft, that is why you are using this, it makes you have it, and be able to sign in, for free! Then, wait for it to finish loading, and Shabaam! You have Minecraft. And if you need to make a xbox profile, and Minecraft pulls it up, just follow the instructions so you can play! I hope you enjoyed, and subscribe to my channel. Just look up Bricc Life Motion, and subscribe! Thanks!
